So we got this chat screen going, but of course, the chat messages don't look that exciting.
So time to work on those who get the message to start fall where we render just text messages.
And I will simply add a new widget file here, message bubble to start to render such a chat message
bubble in their.
Now, message bubble can't just be a stateless widget, it doesn't manage any internal state, it just
outputs data and it's named this message bubble.
And of course, as always, import material, the thart from the flutter package so that we can use
all those flutter components.
Now, the idea here is simple here.
I want to render or output return a more beautiful chat message which looks nicer than just some boring
text.
And to achieve this, we can indeed turn a container here, because a container is a pretty versatile
component, which we can stall quite a bit and we add decoration to the container.
Now, this takes a box decoration object, which we can create with the box decoration constructor function.
And here we can configure a bunch of things.
For example, we can set a color and use, let's say, our axon color here as the base background color.
We can also set up a border radius to define some around corners and here we can then use border radius
dots circular to set a specific border radius on all corners.
Now, we can also define a fixed width, not instead of decoration, though, but directly in the container,
for example, of 140, so that our message is always contained in a box of this width.
We can also add some padding here and use etch insets symmetric, maybe to have different padding to
left and right and top and bottom and for padding to top and bottom.
So for vertical padding, all set up, heading off 10 and four left and right.
I want to have a little bit more space, so I'll set the horizontal padding to 16.
And of course, as always, you can play around with these values and find to style you like most now
also want to add some margin so that there is some space between the different messages.
And here again, I'll use Etch INSETs symmetric to have different spacing to top and bottom and for
left and right and for top and bottom spacing.
I'll use four and four left and right spacing.
I'll use eight.
Now, last but not least inside of that container, I want to have a child and dad can be a text which
is here, which should now hold that actual message, of course, not hard coded like this, but received
from outside as an input to message bubble.
So therefore, here all the fine property, which is of string, which will be our message, and that
should be received from outside.
So let's define the message bubble constructor function here and make sure that the first argument we
receive is bound to that message property.
And now that message property will hold the message.
We can output it here.
Now, maybe we all want to style this text's all set the style argument on the text widget and set it
to a text style object where you can style whatever you want.
I will just style the color and make sure that we can see this because the box has the accent color
as a background.
Because of that here, I actually want to set the text color to X and text theme.
Title dot color.
And that should be a color that stands out from the exit color background.
So that's my message bubble, let's give it a try.
Let's go to Massachusetts, and instead of rendering just this text here, we can now render a message
bubble here.
Of course, make sure you import your message bubble.
DARD filed for that.
And message bubble wants the Texas should render as an input, so we reach out to Texas to chat docs
for to give an index and then to the text field in this document.
And if we now save everything, this looks nicer now we got these chat messages, still not the final
style, but better than nothing.
Now you see that the width is ignored, though, the width of 140, which I set up.
Here and that happens because it's inside of a list view now, we can make sure that the width is respected
by, for example, wrapping.
The container here into a row and you'll see why I want to row in a second.
I have another reason for using that as well.
So if you wrap is in a row now, the width is respected and we have our chat bubbles here.
Now, at the moment, they all have the same look and they're all on the same side.
And of course, in reality, we might want to differentiate between chat messages received or written
by us and chat messages written by another user.
May maybe our messages should be on the right and have a different background color than the messages
we get from our users.
And to incorporate this, we can go to new message and make sure that when we sent this message, we
actually also add a number of field, the user ID field, and that should now be our user ID so that
we can later use that to find out whether it was us who wrote this message or some other user name for
that.
Of course, we need access to our user ID and that's something we'll do in the next lecture.